IBX-6626: Simplify user actions (#233)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/pim/work_with_product_categories.md

1. In the left panel, click **Product catalog** -> **Product Types** to open a list of available product types.
2. Click the **Edit** icon next to a name of the product type that you want to review.
3. In the **Editing Product Type** modal, check whether the **Field definitions** area contains the **Categories** field of **Taxonomy Entry Assignment** type. 
    1. If the field is present, click **Delete draft** and skip the remaining steps.
    2. If the field is absent, drag and drop the **Taxonomy Entry Assignment** option from the **Field types** area to the **Field definitions** area.
    3. Expand the **New field type** that you just added and make the following settings:
        * Set a name for the field, for example, "Product category"
        * Select the **Required** checkbox
        * In the **Taxonomy** field, select the "Product categories" option
4. Optionally, modify other product type settings as required.

> 7. To save your changes:
> 
>     - Click **Save** to continue editing.
>     - Click **Save and close** to close the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. To save your changes:

    - Click **Save** to save changes and stay in edit mode.
    - Click **Save and close** to save changes and close the window.
```
